it's always been a part of music we just
wish these artists have been a bit
better at it
welcome to watchmojo.com and today we're
counting down the top 10 worst lip-sync
fails number 10
did he sent bulletproof vest check
menacing-looking entourage check
inability to sing along to your own song
sick while performing at the 2007 BT
Awards pity sense DJ played the wrong
version of amusement park and caused the
rapper to wander aimlessly through the
crowd waiting for the right song once it
began fiddy was forced to cut the
performance short to avoid further
embarrassment number 9
Shakira her hips may not live but her
lips certainly do during the FIFA World
Cup in South Africa Shakira performed at
a large outdoor concert unfortunately it
wasn't big enough to hide the fact that
the Colombian bombshell was melding
along to she-wolf
[Music]
then again when she cares on stage her
lips are probably the last thing people
are looking at it number eight Lindsay
Lohan before becoming the train wreck we
know and love Lindsay Lohan was actually
an up-and-coming actress and thanks to
the Disney machine she branched out into
music as well however on the eve of her
debut album's release lilo appeared on
Good Morning America
her performance sparked a wave of
lip-synching accusations that Lohan
rebuffs to this day
[Music]
number seven Mariah Carey she may be one
of pop music's biggest divas but she's
also gone on record saying that you
shouldn't lip-sync unless you have a
reason to this certainly makes us wonder
why Mariah Carey did just that
during her GMA performance of touch my
body in 2008 maybe it's because her
intricate dance routines were - no that
can't be it number six
Nirvana they weren't the first rock band
to do it and they won't be the last but
Nirvana definitely made it clear that
they weren't happy with being forced to
use a pre-recorded backing track on top
of the Pops
though he wasn't lip-syncing per se Kurt
Cobain changed some of the lyrics and
sang in a deeper voice while Dave Grohl
danced and Krist Novoselic waived his
bass around
[Music]
number five Britney Spears despite being
one of the highest grossing tours for a
female artist The Circus Starring
Britney Spears generated controversy
around pre-recorded parts of the show
fans deserted the pop diva last night
just three songs into her first concert
in Perth the reason fans say she is
lip-syncing instead of singing during
the Australian leg bridge Brits
lip-syncing caused such outrage that
Aussie lawmakers contemplated adding
disclaimers to promote the tour number
four Ashley Tisdale having starred in
the High School Musical movies Sharpay
Evans should know a thing or two about
lip-syncing
however Ashley Tisdale still managed to
bomb at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day
Parade in 2007 while all singers at the
parade are asked to mime their
performances most of them make it
somewhat believable
[Music]
number three Ashlee Simpson when it
comes to recent lip-syncing disasters
the first thing that comes to many
people's minds would undoubtedly be the
Ashlee Simpson Fiasco on Saturday Night
Live after the wrong backing track began
to play viewers retreated to some of the
most Awkward 60 seconds on television on
a Monday
[Music]
this included the younger Simpson
performing an impromptu dance before she
left the stage while her band played on
until the cameras cut the wrong song
hoedown
number two Milli Vanilli by taking
things to a whole other level Milli
Vanilli will go down as the most famous
lip-sync errs of all time these guys
didn't sing live nor did they even sing
on their debut album
[Music]
when it was revealed that a group of
unknowns provided the real voices for
the duo milli vanilli quickly had their
Grammy for Best New Artist taken away
guess they couldn't blame it on the rain
number 1 Lin meow qu during the 2008
Beijing Olympics Opening Ceremony the
world saw the sweet and innocent Lin
mauka singing the Chinese national
anthem
[Music]
what everyone would later come to find
out was that these were the vocals of
another child singer young payee rumors
circulated that young peeve wasn't
considered cute enough while others
speculated it was because Linn malkos
voice wasn't up to par either way this
incident went down as one of the most
high-profile lip-syncing fails in
history
[Applause]
[Music]